yes hello you love today, it gives me
again a video from outside
Today we are at my favorite stream
landed
then i always go on friday afternoon
like to walk as here with ours
dogs and i have noticed though
I then walk along this creek
is really holding the whole the whole
week the whole day is just off
and begins to melt me find
probably interesting how much we from
Water can learn what it is all about
really great teacher if you are loud
really disturbing and looking
if you were in fresh water in his fcn
if we do it seawater 1 1 whole
incredibly soft is elemental
no matter how many stones are in the bathroom
The water always finds it
easy elegant way and get ahead
to move in the river has one
devotion with which simply sink
lets flow
and what I think is nice
something incessant you can appreciate here
an hour at creek 14 and the water
as it is full of devotion and then you can
come the next day and the water
flows with devotion and I think that
for the areas and so we hold on
we create where we say no me
do not let life flow anymore
I find the water incredible
healing because it invites us again
of course not return to this
the water runs like hard edges
and that's just how I got soft
get to know breathing
I have always compared my breath
with a plus
and in the beginning, this species was in flux
small gullies very little
life energy flows through and more
I let him in for me
really devotion to come in this
Soft flow around as free twelfth with
become the time and the more he has
these inner walls and those inner ones
distortions
gently rinsed and set aside
my desire is if you have the opportunity
have now in the summer bad seeds and very
down to the water then uses the
opportunity and watch the water like that
she was the essence of what flag was
which tells what it teaches and sets
be quiet for a while a river
and just watch the flow and
where is this flow in me can i
yes yes there was life
yes that is little inspiration for you
and then we go on ours now
small hike and i wish you
a wonderful day to something good